Feature/39 create a fastapi application that can do inference using your model m22 (#57)
PBonvang/02476_project: infrastructure/README.md

       ```bash
       gcloud iam service-accounts list
       ```
    - Example values:
       - `<PROJECT_ID>`: your GCP project ID
       - `<REGION>`: e.g., europe-west4
       - `<SERVICE_NAME>`: e.g., diabetic-fastapi
       - `<SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL>`: e.g., fastapi-sa@your-project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com

4. **Plan and apply deployment:**
   ```bash
   terraform plan -var="container_image_tag=<your-tag>"
   terraform apply -var="container_image_tag=<your-tag>"
   ```
   - Use a unique image tag for each deployment to trigger a new Cloud Run revision.

5. **Build and push Docker images:**
   - Use Cloud Build or local Docker to build and push images to Artifact Registry.
   - Example (Cloud Build):
     ```bash
     gcloud builds submit --config ../cloudbuild.yaml .. --substitutions=SHORT_SHA=$(git rev-parse --short HEAD)
     ```

6. **Access the API:**
   - After deployment, find the Cloud Run service URL in Terraform outputs or GCP Console.

## Key Files
- `main.tf`: Main Terraform configuration
- `variables.tf`: Variable definitions
- `terraform.tfvars`: Variable values
- `../cloudbuild.yaml`: CI/CD build pipeline

>     - HOWEVER, as Cloud Build doesn't keep a cache between runs they take very long (20 mins). It is usually better to build the images locally and push to the registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - HOWEVER, as Cloud Build doesn\'t keep a cache between runs they take very long (20 mins). It is usually better to build the images locally and push to the registry:
```
